Major wiki restructure, minor fixes, rewording (#1616)
hyprwm/hyprland-wiki: content/contributing-and-debugging/pr-guidelines.md

---
title: PR guidelines
weight: 30
---

## PR Requirements

- Clean, not hacky code
- Described changes and _why_ they were there
- Following the style (see below)

## AI Policy

Using an AI tool?

> Check our [AI Policy](https://github.com/hyprwm/.github/blob/main/policies/AI_USAGE.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## AI Policy

It is **mandatory** to follow our [AI Policy](https://github.com/hyprwm/.github/blob/main/policies/AI_USAGE.md). Failure to do so may lead to being banned from opening any PRs in the future!
```
